README.md, before:

# SpookyJS

Drive [CasperJS](http://casperjs.org/) from Node.js.

**Note**: If you are simply looking to control Phantom from Node and don't need
Casper's API, have a look at [PhantomJS
1.8](http://phantomjs.org/release-1.8.html), which has native WebDriver support.

## Installation

### Prerequisites

* [Node.js](http://nodejs.org) >= 0.8
* [PhantomJS](http://phantomjs.org/) >= 1.9
* [CasperJS](http://casperjs.org/) >= 1.0

SpookyJS is available from npm.

``` shell
$ npm install spooky
```

## Usage

Read about how Spooky works in the
[documentation](https://github.com/WaterfallEngineering/SpookyJS/wiki/Introduction).
API documentation and examples coming soon.

### Quickstart

``` javascript
try {
    var Spooky = require('spooky');
} catch (e) {
    var Spooky = require('../lib/spooky');
}

var spooky = new Spooky({
        child: {
            transport: 'http'
        },
        casper: {
            logLevel: 'debug',
            verbose: true
        }
    }, function (err) {
        if (err) {
            e = new Error('Failed to initialize SpookyJS');
            e.details = err;
            throw e;
        }

        spooky.start(
            'http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spooky_the_Tuff_Little_Ghost');
        spooky.then(function () {
            this.emit('hello', 'Hello, from ' + this.evaluate(function () {
                return document.title;
            }));
        });
        spooky.run();
    });

spooky.on('error', function (e, stack) {
    console.error(e);

    if (stack) {
        console.log(stack);
    }
});

/*
// Uncomment this block to see all of the things Casper has to say.
// There are a lot.
// He has opinions.
spooky.on('console', function (line) {
    console.log(line);
});
*/

spooky.on('hello', function (greeting) {
    console.log(greeting);
});

spooky.on('log', function (log) {
    if (log.space === 'remote') {
        console.log(log.message.replace(/ \- .*/, ''));
    }
});
```

A minimal example can be found in the repo under `examples`. Run it like this in
a cloned repo:

``` shell
$ node examples/hello.js
```

Run it like this if you installed Spooky via npm:

``` shell
$ node node_modules/spooky/examples/hello.js
```

A small example [Cucumber.js](https://github.com/cucumber/cucumber-js/) test suite can be found in the repo under `examples/cucumber`. To run the suite:

``` shell
$ make cucumber.js
```

You may change the port that the fixture server runs on by setting the `TEST_PORT` make parameter.

See the tests for an example of how to use SpookyJS with [Mocha](http://visionmedia.github.com/mocha). 

## Known issues

Spooky's `stdio` transport reportedly does not work on Windows and Ubuntu.

The `http` transport hangs when using Phantom 1.8 with older versions of
CasperJS.

## Development

### Running the tests

SpookyJS includes a suite of unit tests, driven by [Mocha](http://visionmedia.github.com/mocha). To run the tests:

``` shell
$ make test
```

The following make parameters are supported (defaults are in parentheses):

* `TEST_REPORTER` the [Mocha reporter](http://visionmedia.github.com/mocha/#reporters) to use (dot)
* `TEST_PORT` the port to run the fixture web server on (8080)
* `TEST_TIMEOUT` threshold in ms to timeout a test (4000)
* `TEST_SLOW` threshold in ms to say a test is slow (2000)
* `TEST_ARGS` Additional [arguments](http://visionmedia.github.com/mocha/#usage) to pass through to Mocha
* `TEST_DEBUG` Print debug logging to the console (false)
* `TEST_TRANSPORT` the Spooky transport to use when running the tests (stdio)

## Release Notes

### 0.2.5

- fix #95 (thanks @ChrisAntaki)
- disable Node 0.8 Travis build

### 0.2.4

- support CasperJS v1.0.3+ (thanks @rumca and @ucarbehlul)
- use a spec-compliant implementation of `Function.prototype.bind`
- add `options.child.spawnOptions`: its value is passed thru as the `options`
  argument to `child_process.spawn`
- serialize function and function tuple values in `options.casper`
- teach test to throw if Spooky emits an error
- implement `withFrame`, `withPopup`, and `waitForPopup` (thanks @asciidisco)
- use HTTP transport by default in hello example
- fix invalid argument order in `RequestStream._onError` (Dmitry Menshikov)

### 0.2.3

- Allow casper restart in stdio server (@kpdecker)
- Fix #51 by correctly inheriting from EventEmitter (thanks @tomchentw)
- Move emit to a module and provide emitting console module

### 0.2.2

- Node 0.10 support
- use Phantom 1.9's `system.stdin` for stdio transport
- add `phantom.onError` handler. Spooky now emits an error event and exits
  non-zero if an unhandled JS error occurs in the Phantom context.
- add `thenClick` method (@andresgottlieb)
- fix #28

## License

SpookyJS is made available under the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php).

## Acknowledgements and Attribution

The image `tests/fixtures/fail-road.jpeg` is the work [Fail
Road](http://www.flickr.com/photos/fireflythegreat/2845637227/) and is
copyright (c) 2007
[fireflythegreat](http://www.flickr.com/photos/fireflythegreat/) and made
available under an [Attribution 2.0
Generic](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/deed.en) license.

Commit message:

Changed install command to use tarball.

README.md, after:

# SpookyJS

Drive [CasperJS](http://casperjs.org/) from Node.js.

**Note**: If you are simply looking to control Phantom from Node and don't need
Casper's API, have a look at [PhantomJS
1.8](http://phantomjs.org/release-1.8.html), which has native WebDriver support.

## Installation

### Prerequisites

* [Node.js](http://nodejs.org) >= 0.8
* [PhantomJS](http://phantomjs.org/) >= 1.9
* [CasperJS](http://casperjs.org/) >= 1.0

Install this fork by using this command:

``` shell
$ npm install https://github.com/Profab/SpookyJS/archive/master.tar.gz
```

## Usage

Read about how Spooky works in the
[documentation](https://github.com/WaterfallEngineering/SpookyJS/wiki/Introduction).
API documentation and examples coming soon.

### Quickstart

``` javascript
try {
    var Spooky = require('spooky');
} catch (e) {
    var Spooky = require('../lib/spooky');
}

var spooky = new Spooky({
        child: {
            transport: 'http'
        },
        casper: {
            logLevel: 'debug',
            verbose: true
        }
    }, function (err) {
        if (err) {
            e = new Error('Failed to initialize SpookyJS');
            e.details = err;
            throw e;
        }

        spooky.start(
            'http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spooky_the_Tuff_Little_Ghost');
        spooky.then(function () {
            this.emit('hello', 'Hello, from ' + this.evaluate(function () {
                return document.title;
            }));
        });
        spooky.run();
    });

spooky.on('error', function (e, stack) {
    console.error(e);

    if (stack) {
        console.log(stack);
    }
});

/*
// Uncomment this block to see all of the things Casper has to say.
// There are a lot.
// He has opinions.
spooky.on('console', function (line) {
    console.log(line);
});
*/

spooky.on('hello', function (greeting) {
    console.log(greeting);
});

spooky.on('log', function (log) {
    if (log.space === 'remote') {
        console.log(log.message.replace(/ \- .*/, ''));
    }
});
```

A minimal example can be found in the repo under `examples`. Run it like this in
a cloned repo:

``` shell
$ node examples/hello.js
```

Run it like this if you installed Spooky via npm:

``` shell
$ node node_modules/spooky/examples/hello.js
```

A small example [Cucumber.js](https://github.com/cucumber/cucumber-js/) test suite can be found in the repo under `examples/cucumber`. To run the suite:

``` shell
$ make cucumber.js
```

You may change the port that the fixture server runs on by setting the `TEST_PORT` make parameter.

See the tests for an example of how to use SpookyJS with [Mocha](http://visionmedia.github.com/mocha). 

## Known issues

Spooky's `stdio` transport reportedly does not work on Windows and Ubuntu.

The `http` transport hangs when using Phantom 1.8 with older versions of
CasperJS.

## Development

### Running the tests

SpookyJS includes a suite of unit tests, driven by [Mocha](http://visionmedia.github.com/mocha). To run the tests:

``` shell
$ make test
```

The following make parameters are supported (defaults are in parentheses):

* `TEST_REPORTER` the [Mocha reporter](http://visionmedia.github.com/mocha/#reporters) to use (dot)
* `TEST_PORT` the port to run the fixture web server on (8080)
* `TEST_TIMEOUT` threshold in ms to timeout a test (4000)
* `TEST_SLOW` threshold in ms to say a test is slow (2000)
* `TEST_ARGS` Additional [arguments](http://visionmedia.github.com/mocha/#usage) to pass through to Mocha
* `TEST_DEBUG` Print debug logging to the console (false)
* `TEST_TRANSPORT` the Spooky transport to use when running the tests (stdio)

## Release Notes

### 0.2.5

- fix #95 (thanks @ChrisAntaki)
- disable Node 0.8 Travis build

### 0.2.4

- support CasperJS v1.0.3+ (thanks @rumca and @ucarbehlul)
- use a spec-compliant implementation of `Function.prototype.bind`
- add `options.child.spawnOptions`: its value is passed thru as the `options`
  argument to `child_process.spawn`
- serialize function and function tuple values in `options.casper`
- teach test to throw if Spooky emits an error
- implement `withFrame`, `withPopup`, and `waitForPopup` (thanks @asciidisco)
- use HTTP transport by default in hello example
- fix invalid argument order in `RequestStream._onError` (Dmitry Menshikov)

### 0.2.3

- Allow casper restart in stdio server (@kpdecker)
- Fix #51 by correctly inheriting from EventEmitter (thanks @tomchentw)
- Move emit to a module and provide emitting console module

### 0.2.2

- Node 0.10 support
- use Phantom 1.9's `system.stdin` for stdio transport
- add `phantom.onError` handler. Spooky now emits an error event and exits
  non-zero if an unhandled JS error occurs in the Phantom context.
- add `thenClick` method (@andresgottlieb)
- fix #28

## License

SpookyJS is made available under the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php).

## Acknowledgements and Attribution

The image `tests/fixtures/fail-road.jpeg` is the work [Fail
Road](http://www.flickr.com/photos/fireflythegreat/2845637227/) and is
copyright (c) 2007
[fireflythegreat](http://www.flickr.com/photos/fireflythegreat/) and made
available under an [Attribution 2.0
Generic](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/deed.en) license.
